[\u266a]
DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega Bakugan
Interspace the number of people accessing it from
around the world totally exploded!
The Grand Prix Tournament attracted hundreds of
new battlers in Bakugan.
And the crowd was going wild!
DAN: Of course Drago and I are back in action, along
with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
DAN: The flood of new Battlers means we're up
against some crazy serious competition now.
Challenged by team Anubias and Team Sellon.
As we go head to head for the top spot.
The stakes are high for the Battle Brawlers!
DAN: This is Bakugan battling like you've never
seen it before but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
Interspace Showdown!
[\u266a]
BATTLER A: Nice!
BATTLER B: Alright!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Not so fast, kids.
BATTLER A: Seriously?
BATTLER B: Oh no!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DAN: Listen punks! It's gonna take more than
that to take down Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [wild cheers]
SPECTATOR A: You tell 'em, Dan!
SPECTATOR B: Nice one, Drago!
SPECTATOR A: The Brawlers rock! No one can touch them!
MARUCHO: It looks like Dan has this handled all by himself,
wouldn't you say?
TRISTAR: Hold up, Marucho!
It sounds like you don't wanna fight.
You're not pulling wimp on me are you?
MARUCHO: No. I'm not saying that at all.
I'm just saying Dan's got awesome skills.
TRISTAR: I didn't pack up and leave Gundalia just so
I could sit on the sidelines and admire
another Brawler! You got me pal?
TAYLEAN: Ancient Neathian wisdom says,
the Bakugan who talks loudly, battles weakly.
TRISTAR: Oh yeah, well on Gundalia we have a saying.
The dude who yaks and yaks should get to the point
instead of talking in circles.
MARUCHO: [nervous laugh]
BATTLER A: Ability activate. Heat Spiral!
BATTLER B: Ability activate! Gild Gear!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion] Dan!
DAN: Yup!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [gasp]
DAN: Whoa!
SHUN: Drago missed!
DRAGO: [frustrated grunt]
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
BATTLER B: What? No way! [gasp]
BATTLER A: They're so strong.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [cheering]
SPECTATOR A: Dan's still the king!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: The winners are Dan &
Titanium Dragonoid!
Let's hear it for the Battle Brawlers!
With this win they're still undefeated in the
Bakugan Interspace Grand Prix!
MARUCHO: Awesome! I'm telling you,
Dan and Drago are totally unstoppable!
SHUN: Looks like.
[\u266a]
DAN: Is everything okay, pal?
I've never seen you miss before.
DRAGO: Umm, something got in my eye.
DAN: So that's what happened.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [gasps, shocked]
DAN: [gasp]
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Attention everyone!
Breaking news from Arena G!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Fresh off his latest victory!
Here comes the Bakugan Interspace's
newest star Battler!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Still undefeated, he's
racing up the charts, and closing in...
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: ...on number one, Dan Kuso.
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Welcome the Leader of Team Anubias.
He's furious. He's mysterious. He's Anubias!
ANUBIAS: Yeah!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [mighty cheers]
DAN: He doesn't look so tough.
MARUCHO: Hey, check it out, guys.
[\u266a]
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Excitement of equal
proportion comes to us from Area E, where the
leader of Team Sellon, the beautiful Sellon herself
has taken out her opponent with tremendous skill.
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: With the support of her
fierce and formidable teammates Chris and Soon,
Team Sellon will surely become a force to reckon with.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Sellon! Sellon! Sellon!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: I tell you fans!
Never before have we seen such an incredible line up
of talent in the history of Bakugan Battle!
[\u266a]
KID #1: Look!
KID #2: Whoa!
MARUCHO: It looks like Dan's still sitting pretty on top.
TRISTAR: That should be us up there on that board, Marucho!
TRISTAR: What do you say, Drago! Wanna dance?
DRAGO: Maybe another time, Tristar.
DAN: Shun and Taylean have won all their matches too.
DAN: But he hasn't fought as many battles as us
'cause he's so busy training, otherwise we'd
be tied for first.
SHUN: It's important for a Battler to always be
honing their skills, Dan.
MARUCHO: Anubias and Sellon are closing in on
you quickly, Dan.
I know they're newbies, but you shouldn't underestimate them.
They've got fearsome skills, and they're hungry to be on top.
DAN: Yeah, whatever, it's gonna take more than a
couple hungry Noobs to take me and Drago down.
BEN: You're gonna eat those words, Kuso!
DAN: [gasp]
BEN: You got the guts to be that cocky to my face?
MARUCHO: Hey. Aren't you from...
MARUCHO: ...Team Anubias?
ROBIN: I guess we should feel pretty flattered guys.
JACK: Yeah, the Brawlers remember us.
BEN: Well pretty soon no one's gonna remember them
because they'll all be to busy cheering the new
champs, Team Anubias!
BEN: Enjoy your top ranking while it lasts, Kuso!
Because it won't last!
ANUBIAS: Take it easy, Ben.
BEN: Huh?
ANUBIAS: Save your aggression for the arena.
DAN: Anubias!
ANUBIAS: Nice to finally meet you, Dan. I'm a...
ANUBIAS: ...huge fan.
DAN: Aw yeah?
MARUCHO: Calm down, Dan!
DAN: Bring it!
ANUBIAS: Hum.
ANUBIAS: Hmmmm? [gasp] DAN: Huh?
DYLAN: [laughter] Check it out I can see you guys are totally
anxious to throw down but let's not jump the gun here!
You're gonna need some stuff first.
DYLAN: Like a battle match up, or an ability card?
DYLAN: Lucky for you guys, I am the \"go to\" man in Interspace.
DYLAN: Whatever it is you need I can get.
DYLAN: That is for a small price of course.
DYLAN: Call me. Dylan is the name, fellas. [chuckle]
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Let's go.
BEN: Hmmmph.
DYLAN: Come on! [chuckles] Let's make a deal!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Things sure have changed since
Bakugan Interspace went open source.
MARUCHO: I thought we were making it a free world by
turning the administration duties over to the
automated computer system.
MARUCHO: I wanted to open Interspace to millions of
new Battlers, but instead.
SHUN: It turned into a lawless land.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
MARUCHO: That's a bit harsh. I think.
MARUCHO: To be honest, I think the results have
been mostly good.
MARUCHO: Battlers like Anubias and Sellon are
great additions to the tournaments but on the
other hand there are a lot of weirdoes...
MARUCHO: ...like that Dylan creep.
MARUCHO: You know, it's not like the old days,
when Dan and I first met the Bakugan and came up
with battle rules.
Things seemed so much more pure back then.
SHUN: In order to grow, everything must evolve.
SHUN: It is the natural path of progression.
DAN: [groan, exertion]
You've been reading way too many fortune cookies, dude.
MARUCHO: Huh?
DAN: People are flocking to Bakugan Interspace
because it rocks.
DAN: It's as simple as that, guys.
MARUCHO: Hmmmph. Yeah. You're right! Hah ha!
MARUCHO: You always cheer me up Dan.
DAN: That's my job!
MARUCHO: And you're totally awesome at it.
DAN: I know, right? MARUCHO: [chuckles]
DAN: [panting, running]
DAN: [panting, running] Whoaa!
DAN: [panting, running] Ahhhhhh!
DAN: Who are you? Answer me!
DAN: [gasp, grunt]
DAN: [panting, running] Ahhhhhhhhhh!
MAG MEL: You know what I want!
Give it to me, Dan Kuso!
DAN: Aaaaaaahhhhhhh!
MAG MEL: If you won't hand it over then I'll crush
you and take it myself!
DAN: Aaaaaaahhhhhhh!
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: Oh whoa! [panting]
DRAGO: It's okay, Dan.
DRAGO: It's just a bad dream.
DAN: Yeah. I'm so sick of those stupid things!
DAN: I know it sounds dumb but, it feels so real.
It's creepy. The darkness. The freak masked dude.
I wish I knew what he wanted.
DRAGO: I wonder if your dreams are connected to
the vision I had during the battle today.
DRAGO: That's the reason I missed the shot earlier.
DAN: Man!
DAN: Maybe we can figure this out, buddy.
Tell me what you saw in your vision.
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Whoa! Hold on, that can't be right!
TRISTAR: The big dude is ticked off at how Dan was
talking about Team Anubias yesterday.
TRISTAR: So, Ben's challenged him to a battle.
MARUCHO: That sounds like a really bad idea Dan.
SHUN: Battling two days in a row is dangerous.
DAN: Gimme a break, guys.
SHUN: [gasp] MARUCHO: Huh?
DAN: He's all mouth. It'll be easy.
MARUCHO: But Dan.
DAN: Seriously, dude. I'll be fine. Later!
MARUCHO: Dan! Wait!
TAYLEAN: Why is Dan so quick to accept this guy's challenge?
SHUN: Something's definitely up.
ANUBIAS: Who do you think you are buddy?
ANUBIAS: Kuso was supposed to be mine!
BEN: I'm a battler too!
ANUBIAS: What'd you say?
BEN: Why should you get to have all the fun, and
leave the rest of us to only battle the weak?
ANUBIAS: Take these.
BEN: Huh? What?
ANUBIAS: If you're battling Kuso. You'll need those to win.
BEN: Thanks!
DYLAN: Hmmm.
Let's see if I can't make this battle
a little more interesting.
[\u266a]
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: This next battle will see
the leader of the Battle Brawlers, Dan Kuso
facing off against Ben from Team Anubias!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: The action will get underway...
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: ...momentarily.
DAN: Ready, pal?
DRAGO: Yes.
DRAGO: A good battle is what we need to clear our heads.
DAN: You got that right, buddy.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [mighty cheers]
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open!
DAN: Whoa!
DAN: Aaaaahhhh!
[\u266a]
DAN: We can take these punks down no problem, Drago!
ANUBIAS: Get ready, Kuso! There's a new king!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Hold onto your hats, fans.
It looks as though this battle will take place in
Urban Combat mode.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Urban combat! Urban combat!
DYLAN: [chuckle]
DAN: Why did no one tell us about this?
BEN: I don't know whose idea this was but it makes
no difference.
Dan Kuso is going down!
BEN: Gate Card, set!
BEN: Bakugan Brawl! [grunt]
BEN: Bakugan stand!
BEN: Rise Pyrus Bolcanon!
DAN: Bakugan, hah, Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
DAN: Rise, Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Huh? [grunt, exertion]
DRAGO: What? Where did he go?
DRAGO: Huh?
DAN: Come out!
DAN: Come on! Where is he?
BEN: Ability activate! Hummel Bowler!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Huh? [grunt, pain]
DRAGO: Ooooomph!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
DRAGO: Ooooomph! [groan]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
Haaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Drago! Behind!
DRAGO: Hmmm?
DRAGO: Where is he?
DAN: Whoa!
DAN: [grunt, exertion]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
MARUCHO: No! Drago!
TRISTAR: This battle setting has given those
creeps the advantage!
BEN: Guerilla warfare is our specialty.
Too bad it's not yours, Brawlers.
DRAGO: [groan]
BEN: Okay. Gate Card open! [grunt]
BEN: Audience Enhancer!
DRAGO: What? [gasp]
DAN: Drago!
BEN: The command card Audience Enhancer let's
me customize the battle environment so I can
thrash you with my signature style, punk!
DAN: [gasp]
BEN: That means we can take our time tormenting
you before we finally crush you!
DAN: Yeah right! Ability activate! Dragon Hard Striker!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
BEN: No way! How is that even possible?
DAN: Aw man!
[\u266a]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [screams, startled]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [murmurs, whispers]
CHRIS: Are you serious? Whoa!
SOON: His power is quite incredible.
SELLON: Yes.
SELLON: And it's something we need to get our hands on.
ANUBIAS: That's impressive.
SHUN: Looks like Drago isn't holding back.
DYLAN: This is getting fun.
MARUCHO: Where did Dan and the others go?
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: It appears that the
battlefield has moved.
Let's switch to VR mode, battle fans!
[\u266a]
DAN: Get out here! No more of this hide and seek junk!
DAN: [grunt]
DRAGO: Arrrrggghhh!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Ooooomph!
DRAGO: You're going to pay.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [rising wave of cheers]
MARUCHO: Drago's too big to maneuver in that
cramped little space.
TAYLEAN: They've fallen into the enemy's trap.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [roaring cheers]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
BEN: I can't believe the mighty Dan and Drago fell
for such an obvious trick!
So much for being the best!
BEN: You guys are punks!
DAN: Keep flapping your lips! [grunt, exertion]
I'll show you who the punks really are!
DAN: Let's go!
DAN: Ability activate! Titanium Rumble!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaah!
BEN: What?
DRAGO: Pay close attention!
DRAGO: Hmmmph! [grunt, exertion]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Drago! Drago! Drago!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [roar of cheers]
JACK: [whistles] I dig his style.
ROBIN: Their skills are top notch.
ANUBIAS: Yes.
ANUBIAS: Well, they should be after all of the
action they've seen.
BEN: Bakugan Brawl!
BEN: Bakugan Stand!
BEN: Rise Darkus Horridian!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain] Oooomph!
DRAGO: [groan] Aaaaaarrrrrrgggggghhhh!
DAN: What's up with two against one?
BEN: There's no rule saying we can't use two guys!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion]
BEN: I'm not a goodie two shoes like you, Dan.
BEN: I like to fight dirty, got it?
DAN: Oh no!
DRAGO: Uh oh. [grunt, pain]
DRAGO: [groan] Aaaaaarrrrrgggghhh!
DAN: [grunt, exertion]
DAN: We're not gonna lose!
MAG MEL: Unleash it!
DAN: Huh?
DAN: [gasp]
MAG MEL: Destroy them!
DAN: [grunt, exertion]
MAG MEL: Unleash your inner power!
And then surrender it to me!
DAN: Aaaarrrrgggghhh! Let go of me!
DRAGO: Dan!
DAN: Aaaarrrrrrggggghhhhh!
MAG MEL: Do you hear me? Surrender your power to me!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: What?
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrrggggghhh!
BEN: Say goodnight!
BEN: Ability activate!
BEN: Deadly Nightmare!
[\u266a]
BEN: Ability activate! Karla Warrior!
DRAGO: Aaaaaarrrrrrrggggghhhhh!
DAN: Aaaaaarrrrrrrggggghhhhh!
BEN: What the? What's happening?
[explosion]
[\u266a]
SPECTATOR A: Oh snap!
SPECTATOR B: Whoa. What was that,dude?
MARUCHO: [panting, running] This looks really bad!
SHUN: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Where did they go, Shun?
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Hey!
DRAGO: [grunt, groan] My power...
DAN: [grunt] Just hang on, buddy!
BEN: [grunt, exertion]
ANUBIAS: Ben! Get up! It isn't over!
BEN: Says who?
ANUBIAS: A battle isn't over, Ben until our
opponent is crushed!
BEN: Consecutive Ability activate! Deadly Nightmare!
BEN: Karla Warrior! Devour them!
DRAGO: Huh?
[\u266a]
DAN: Aw man! We're gonna have to step it up!
DRAGO: Let's do this!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
[\u266a]
BEN: [grunt, exertion]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Aaarrrggghhh!
DAN: What's wrong, dude?
DRAGO: I'm losing it! [grunt, exertion]
DRAGO: Can't control, my power!
Argh!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [screams, frightened]
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand! Let's go Aquos Tristar!
TRISTAR: You bet!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Help them out, Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaah!
TRISTAR: Guess we're on clean up duty!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [screams, terror]
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, exertion]
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt]
DRAGO: [groan]
DAN: [grunt, exertion] Drago!
DAN: Huh? [gasp]
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: [gasp] What the heck just happened here, Shun?
DYLAN: [laughter] Intense!
ANUBIAS: Well that was interesting.
SELLON: Incredible.
DAN: What did, we just do?
DRAGO: I'm sorry. [groan]
DAN: Drago!
DAN: Are you okay, buddy? Talk to me!
[\u266a]
MAG MEL: Dan and Drago have what I need!
MAG MEL: I need more energy. I need more power!
[\u266a]
DAN: After our last battle against Team Anubias,
Drago and I got a little freaked out about the
amount of pure power he unleashed.
Sure it was impressive, but uncontrolled it could
cause some serious damage to anyone caught in the crossfire.
We decided that we'd have to learn to control it,
so we immediately started a special training regimen.
DAN: Just as things were getting started, this
crazy monster dude appeared out of nowhere,
and we had to turn our focus to shutting him down.
DAN: Maybe you should just tune in yourself to see
what I'm talking about.
DAN: If we don't get Drago's new powers under
control Bakugan Interspace could be in jeopardy!
[\u266a]